Release notes for 7.17.8 (#14798)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-7-17-8]]
=== Logstash 7.17.8 Release Notes

> * Avoid warning log from status log4j logger when new codecs are created by clone. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14727[#14727]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminated unnecessary warning log from status log4j logger when new codecs are created by clone. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14727[#14727]
```

> * Fixes an issue during process shutdown in which the stalled shutdown watcher incorrectly reports inflight_count as 0 even when there are events in-flight. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14760[#14760]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that occurred during process shutdown in which the stalled shutdown watcher incorrectly reported inflight_count as 0 even when there are events in-flight. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14760[#14760]
```

[[plugins-7-17-8]]
==== Plugins

*Cef Codec - 6.2.6*

* Fix: when decoding, escaped newlines and carriage returns in extension values are now correctly decoded into literal newlines and carriage returns respectively https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-cef/pull/98[#98]
* Fix: when decoding, non-CEF payloads are identified and intercepted to prevent data-loss and corruption. They now cause a descriptive log message to be emitted, and are emitted as their own `_cefparsefailure`-tagged event containing the original bytes in its `message` field https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-cef/issues/99[#99]
* Fix: when decoding while configured with a `delimiter`, flushing this codec now correctly consumes the remainder of its internal buffer. This resolves an issue where bytes that are written without a trailing delimiter could be lost https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-cef/issues/100[#100] 

*Grok Filter - 4.4.3*

* Minor typos in docs examples https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-grok/pull/176[#176]

*Tcp Output - 6.0.3*

* Pulled applicable back-ports from 6.1.0 https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-tcp/pull/50[#50]

> * Fix: Ensure sockets are closed when this plugin is closed
> * Fix: Fixes an issue in client mode where payloads larger than a connection's current TCP window could be silently truncated
> * Fix: Fixes an issue in server mode where payloads larger than a connection's current TCP window could be silently truncated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Fix: Ensure sockets are closed when this plugin is closed
** Fix: Fixes an issue in client mode where payloads larger than a connection's current TCP window could be silently truncated
** Fix: Fixes an issue in server mode where payloads larger than a connection's current TCP window could be silently truncated
```
